#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via griffe
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dotenv==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
griffe==1.7.2
    # via openai-agents
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via mcp
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.23
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.51
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-openai==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.3.29
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.24
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.61
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
mcp==1.6.0
    # via openai-agents
openai==1.73.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   openai-agents
openai-agents==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.16
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   openai-agents
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via mcp
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   dotenv
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   openai-agents
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via langchain
sse-starlette==2.2.1
    # via mcp
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via openai-agents
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   openai-agents
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uvicorn==0.34.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
